Create tooling.md (#69)
inclusivenaming/org: ws-oss/tooling.md

# Awesome Inclusive Language Tooling

The following is a list of tools **not maintained by the Inclusive Naming Initiative** which can scan or lint for inclusive langugage concerns. 

Tools included in this document must be demo'ed to the Inclusive Naming Initiative. PRs to this list should include a demonstration date discussed with

> the Inclusive Naming Initiative leads – please email leads@inclusivenaming.org to contact them.

Author: ```suggestion
the Inclusive Naming Community workstream – please email ws-community@inclusivenaming.org to contact them.
```
